ansible-doc: add page (#4843)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ansible-doc.md

# ansible-doc

> Display information on modules installed in Ansible libraries.

> > It displays a terse listing of plugins and their short descriptions.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Displays a terse listing of plugins and their short descriptions.
```

> More information: <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/cli/ansible-doc.html>.

- List available action plugins (modules):

> `ansible-doc -l`

Reviewer: Is there a long-form of this argument? We generally prefer long-forum arguments to aid clarity in tldr pages.

Same goes for the other examples.

> - List available plugins from specific type:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- List available plugins of a specific type:
```

`ansible-doc -t {{plugin_type}} -l`

> - Show information of action plugin (module):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Show information about a specific action plugin (module):
```

`ansible-pull {{plugin_name}}`

> - Show information of a plugin from a specific type:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Show information about a plugin with a specific type:
```

`ansible-doc -t {{plugin_type}} {{plugin_name}}`

> - Show playbook snippet for action plugin (modules):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Show the playbook snippet for action plugin (modules):
```

Also, what is the technical term used by the official docs here? Is there a difference between a plugin and a module?

Author: Ansible plugins and module main different is plugins will execute on master doing some work to extend ansible capabilty while the module is executed on the target (remote) machine to do action on the machine.

But action plugins is the special case, some module action (action that target the remote one) need to be done in the master server first. From [this](https://groups.google.com/g/ansible-project/c/wNSJ4g-f4F8/m/xlpijLcRNSUJ) Brian who is Senior Software Engineer at ansible describe action plugins as special type of module.

`ansible-pull -s {{plugin_name}}`

> - Show information of action plugin (module) in JSON format:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Show information about an action plugin (module) as JSON:
```
